README.md, before:

# Ricksy Business Project

[![status application](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-stable-brightgreen)](URL_Proyecto)

<!--Logos-->

![Project Logo Java](https://github.com/MateoGarciaG/NombreProject/doc/img/java.png)

![Project Logo Maven](https://github.com/MateoGarciaG/NombreProject/doc/img/apache_maven.png)

![Project Logo Borja Moll](https://github.com/MateoGarciaG/NombreProject/doc/img/logocifp.png)

## Tabla de Contenidos

1. [Salida de la Aplicación](#salidas-de-la-aplicacion)
1. [Historias de Usuario](#historias-de-usuario)
1. [Diagrama UML](#diagrama-uml)
1. [Tecnologías Usadas](#tecnologias-usadas)
1. [Licencia](#licencia)

---

## Salida de mi Aplicación
![Project Salida Aplicacion](https://github.com/MateoGarciaG/NombreProject/doc/salida_aplicacion.png)

**[⬆ back to top](#tabla-de-contenidos)**

---

## Historias de Usuario
> Para ver el documento de las Historias de Usuario
- [Historias de Usuario: ](https://github.com/MateoGarciaG/NombreProject/doc/historias_usuarios.pdf)

**[⬆ back to top](#tabla-de-contenidos)**

---

## Diagrama UML
![Project UML Diagram](https://github.com/MateoGarciaG/NombreProject/doc/UML_Diagram/uml_diagram_exam.png)

**[⬆ back to top](#tabla-de-contenidos)**

---

## Tecnologías Usadas

- Java JDK 11
- Maven
- Visual Studio Code
- Git


**[⬆ back to top](#tabla-de-contenidos)**

---



## Licencia

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2021 Mateo Garcia Gonzalez

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.



**[⬆ back to top](#tabla-de-contenidos)**

---


## Autor
Mateo Garcia Gonzalez

Commit message:

docs: :memo: Updated README with more details about Project

README.md, after:

# Ricksy Business Project
Ricksy Business FP Dual DAW Project, This Project is about to build a prototype of the application that When a guest arrives at the party, he / she is registered in the receptive system with his / her credit card.

The receptive charges on the credit of the card:

The cost of the UberOvni back home
The cost of the welcome pack (Collaxion crystals).

[![status application](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-stable-brightgreen)](URL_Proyecto)

<!--Logos-->

![Project Logo Java](./doc/img/java.png)

![Project Logo Maven](./doc/img/apache_maven.png)

![Project Logo Borja Moll](./doc/img/logocifp.png)

## Tabla de Contenidos

1. [Salida de la Aplicación](#salidas-de-la-aplicacion)
1. [Diagrama UML](#diagrama-uml)
1. [Tecnologías Usadas](#tecnologias-usadas)
1. [Reflexiones](#reflexiones)
1. [Licencia](#licencia)

---

## Salida de mi Aplicación
![Project Salida Aplicacion](./doc/salida_consola.JPG)

**[⬆ back to top](#tabla-de-contenidos)**


---

## Diagrama UML
![Project UML Diagram](./doc/diagrama_clases_UML.png)

**[⬆ back to top](#tabla-de-contenidos)**

---

## Tecnologías Usadas

- Java JDK 11
- Maven
- Visual Studio Code
- Git


**[⬆ back to top](#tabla-de-contenidos)**


---

## Reflexiones

### Que has mejorado con este proyecto?

**[⬆ back to top](#tabla-de-contenidos)**


---



## Licencia

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2021 Mateo Garcia Gonzalez

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.


**[⬆ back to top](#tabla-de-contenidos)**

---


## Autor
Mateo Garcia Gonzalez
